update countdown and auto start CJ disabled by default (#1888)
WalletWasabi/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md

### Music box

After opening a hot wallet, the user needs to press Play to start coinjoin.

> When `Automatically start coinjoin` is enabled in the wallet settings (disabled by default), it will automatically start a countdown to start coinjoining (±2 minutes).

Reviewer: Why not specify the delay precisely?

```suggestion
When `Automatically start coinjoin` is enabled in the wallet settings (disabled by default), it will automatically start a countdown to start coinjoining (1-3 minutes).
```
